Given a text file file.txt, print just the 10th line of the file.

Example:
Assume that file.txt has the following content:
```
Line 1
Line 2
Line 3
Line 4
Line 5
Line 6
Line 7
Line 8
Line 9
Line 10
```
Your script should output the tenth line, which is:
```
Line 10
```
Note:
1. If the file contains less than 10 lines, what should you output?
2. There's at least three different solutions. Try to explore all possibilities.

Solution 1: use awk
```
awk 'FNR == 10 {print }' file.txt
```
About FNR in Bash: 'FNR' refers to the 'Field Number of Record', typically the line number in the current file.
And 'NR' refers to the total record number. The operator '==' is a comparison operator, which returns true when the 
two surrounding operands are equal. 

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32481877/what-are-nr-and-fnr-and-what-does-nr-fnr-imply

Some about 'awk': https://backreference.org/2010/02/10/idiomatic-awk/

Solution 2: use sed
```
sed -n 10p file.txt
```
Solution 3:
```
tail -n+10 file.txt| tail-1
```
About tail: By default, 'tail' prints out the last 10 lines of the file. If we want to read more or less than 10 lines,
the we have to add '-n' option with 'tail' command. 
If we want to print out a particular line from the end of the file, we have to specify a positive value along with 'tail'.
For example, tail -n 2 file.txt prints out the 2nd line from the end of the file.

If we want to omit the specific lines from the beginning of the file, we have to use negative value with 'tail'.
For example, 'tail -n -3 file.txt' omits the first 3 lines from the beginning of the file
'tail-1' extracts the last line of the specified file, including the new line character that ends the last line.

[Reference](https://linuxhint.com/bash_head_tail_command/#:~:text=By%20default%2C%20%E2%80%98tail%E2%80%99%20command%20reads%20last%2010%20lines,and%20using%20option%20is%20optional%20for%20%E2%80%98tail%E2%80%99%20command.
) 

Hence, the solution 2 basically output the last 10 lines from the end of the file, and extract the last line from the previous output.
Say, it extracts #-10, #-9, #-8, #-7, #-6, #-5, #-4, #-3, #-2, #-1, then to extract the last line from the output, which would be #-1.
From the example above, that would be the line 10.

Solution 3: use 'awk' and 'NR'(number of record)
```
awk 'NR==10' file.txt
```
```
Link: https://leetcode.com/problems/tenth-line/
```
